this is the fisher-price shake-and-go
crash-up Speedway Jayden's two years two
months old and we got it for him because
I think you'd really enjoy he loves cars
I'd read reviews saying that the cars
don't even make it once around the track
but here you go
push the button Jaden go I think aha
is that fun buddy look at mama
hi just put one on the track just put
one on the track on the outside and let
it go and show how long these actually
go for push a button baby
Wow
oh now tell me those don't go at least
once around the track we're thrilled he
likes it we like it and we just put
together and people said it was really
difficult to put together it's not just
pay attention to what the instructions
say
and it is easier to put together on a
hard floor and then put bring it to the
carpet to play with so Wow Wow is that
fun baby okay
what
okay yeah
and today I get the cards down
oh that one already crashed got a we
closed it up okay hold on wait move your
fingers so the cars can sit down Oh
we hand babies the cars can go hurry
they're gonna crash watch
let's get so close oh they didn't crash
darn okay
can you sit but bye mama Jaden said
bye-bye mama can you say hi to Nana can
you say hi to me me behind me me say hi
Nana
say hi grandpa
keep off okay last time